Hey, good morning family, thank you for joining us again today.
Well, it's Diana and I again and we're excited to be here.
We have some things on our heart.
You know, we're getting a lot of these letters in the mail and there are so many of you all with so many different needs.
I am trying to figure out how to pray for every single one of these, you know, without calling you out on camera and saying, 'Hey, we're praying for such-and-such,' because the video would go on for hours.
So I'm going to do blanket prayers for you.
What I thought was interesting was, Diana, we've been reading the letters and there's a lot of you that are overcoming vaccination injuries.
A lot of you are telling us, 'Well, we got the COVID shot shot, we got this shot,' and it's reacted this way with our body.
One man's skin was coming completely off his hands and it was from the vaccination injury.
It's absolutely amazing; I had no idea this was a thing until I started getting all these letters in the mail and people telling us, 'Hey Brandon, will you pray for this?
Will you pray for that?
' And a lot of them are all related to vaccinations.
It's very interesting for what I know is coming and for what I know that they're going to push on people in the days ahead and just the agenda.
You know, I told you I warned you all about BlackRock and I told you what I was seeing in the spirit.
Now, I'm not an economist, I don't know much about stocks, I don't know much about the world economy; all I know is what the Holy Spirit shows me in prayer and I just tell you all what I see.
Now, in the natural it may not make sense, but I know that the natural man perceiveth not the things of the Lord.
Whenever He's warning me about these elitists—or what I want to call them, these globalists, these evil people: Klaus Schwab, George Soros, and the head of BlackRock—I told you Satan himself was in meetings with these people.
He is over the finances.
Do you understand?
The devil is over all the finances.
That's why he tells the Hollywood elitists, 'If you sell your soul to me, if you yield yourself over to me—with the singers, with the Hollywood people—I'll promote you and make you very wealthy.
' That's because this is his wheelhouse.
That's what the Lord showed me.
This is his wheelhouse.
A lot of people don't understand that.
They're like, 'Well, why do you need to pray in the first place?
' Because the Bible tells us to pray.
Whatsoever things we bind on Earth are bound in heaven, whatsoever things are loosed on Earth are loosed in heaven.
Jesus told us to pray, 'Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done.
' He told us that's the way we're supposed to pray.
So we intercede on behalf of the world.
We're interceding; that's what this channel's all about, Diana and I.
This is why the Lord put it on our heart to pray for these vaccination injuries.
That's why He told us to pray for the wayward children.
There's a lot of you that—when, like I said, we drove through Florida, Alabama, we drove through those areas—we felt the spiritual void in a lot of those areas.
We realized that all these people around here are not getting what they need spiritually like we're getting in Oklahoma.
And it made me feel—I was like, 'Wow, I felt sorry for y'all.
' I just felt bad for them, you know, because I thought, 'Man, there needs to be a lifeline for you.
' And I told Diana, I said, 'Let's be that lifeline.
Let's be the two that can agree with you for your needs.
' Because if you're not getting it in your area—because I felt such a spiritual void in a lot of those places—I know that you're waking up every day and you don't have a church to go to that's radically on fire.
You don't have that place to plug into.
So we want to be that place for you all, that when you come to this channel you're getting that lifeline, you're getting stirred up, you're getting hope, you're getting that inspiration to say, 'I can go on in life, I can do this, I can live by faith, I can call those things that be not as though they were.
' We can change our circumstances with the power of our words.
We are made in the image of God, we're joint-heirs with Jesus Christ, and there's somebody in Oklahoma that is agreeing with us today.
No matter how dark—if we're living in Miami, if we're living in Fort Lauderdale, if we're living in New York City—that there's somebody out there that is agreeing with us for our circumstances.
Diana and I are those, and Braden—we're all agreeing for your miracle.
We're agreeing with you today that you have an expiration date for your circumstance.
No matter how dark, no matter how bad it may look, you may say, 'I'm all alone.
' There are so many people who say, 'I'm all alone, I don't have anybody to help pray for me.
' No, we're there and we're agreeing with you.
We're your family, and where two or more are gathered together in His name, He's there in the midst.
We believe whatsoever things we bind on Earth are bound in heaven, and we're releasing things, we're believing with you and we're standing with you for your miracle today.
Diana and I truly do care.
We truly care that you have a vaccination injury.
We truly care that your child was diagnosed with autism.
We know what it's like to have those dark days when you get that doctor's report and they look across that table and say, 'There's no hope for your circumstance.
This is going to be like that for the rest of your life.
I'm sorry, sir, but your daughter's never going to talk.
If she hasn't started talking by now, she's never going to talk.
I'm sorry, sir, your daughter's never going to come out of a five-year-old level of thinking.
' You look at him and go, 'But God, sir, who is rich in mercy.
' Do you understand that all things are possible to him who believes?
I truly believe that.
If the word of God says it, I believe it and that settles it.
I'm not moved by what I see or feel; I'm moved by what the word of God says.
And I'm telling you all what the Spirit of the Lord has told me about BlackRock.
I told you about these major banking cartels that are in with evil people concerning sex trafficking, drugs, and money laundering.
There are some dark things.
Now, I'm not saying BlackRock is involved in all that, but I'm saying in my heart I know that there are big businessmen, like George Soros and these evil people, that are funding and doing dark things with the devil to feed these principalities and powers with this darkness.
They require a blood sacrifice; they require payment.
Nothing is free with the satanic.
Everything Jesus gave us is by grace.
We are saved through faith and He gave it to us freely.
All we have to do is believe by faith that we receive it.
As the Word says, He said, 'I became sick that you might be healed.
' He was wounded for our transgressions, He was bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon Him, and with His stripes we are healed.
It's already done.
Then He said, 'I became poor that you might be rich.
' So if you look at that, even with mental torment—one man said, 'Hey, Brandon, I'm overcoming PTSD from war.
' There are so many, and we're believing for every single one of you that today is your day for your miracle.
But my heart and what's going on inside of me right now—I have alarm bells for Israel and our brothers and sisters in Syria right now that are being brutally murdered, martyred for the cause of Christ.
They're killing them; they're doing it all over Africa.
We are in the end of the end.
Do you understand?
Jesus Christ is coming.
People say, 'Well, that's not happening in America.
' Thank God right now, but it will.
I believe the Lord told me a great persecution is coming.
We have a window right now, folks.
The Lord told me we have a four-year window.
What will you do with that four-year window to bring in the lost?
He said, 'The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
' Who will help me bring in this great harvest?
Will you get an urgency inside of you?
'Oh my God, I have to do something right now,' instead of, 'Well, it's not really on my doorstep.
' You understand that we have a window right now before there's a great shaking to awaken?
And He told me a lot of you will go back into your slumber and your sleep as Trump tries to do all that he's doing—he's running as fast as he can to make America great again—but the Lord told me he can't do this alone.
And that's why we're called to do what we're called to do.
I believe the best is yet to come for the body of Christ, the remnant that are awake and saying, 'Yes, Lord, here am I, send me.
' He told me great days of fun.
Now, what's fun to the Lord?
Bringing in the lost, seeing the blinded eyes open, seeing ears pop open, the lame walking.
You go into a service and everyone that's sick is healed, not one feeble one among them, like what was with the children of Israel when they left Egypt.
They left all healed, with the gold, silver, and spoils of Egypt.
None of them were sick.
The manna came and fed them; there was a cloud by day and a fire by night.
Look at what God did to show up and show off for the children of Israel, and He wants to do the same for you today.
He is no respecter of persons.
You have to believe by faith that you receive it.
If He takes care of the birds of the air and the lily of the field, how much more will he take care of you?
So let's agree right now for your miracle and manifestation.
Everybody has a need, even with little dogs—believing God for the supernatural for their little dogs because they are animals He loves.
If He cares about every little detail in your life, I believe He even cares about little dogs.
Coco and Max, they're believing God for miracles for their little dogs.
So guess what?
God cares about the little dog, the eyes, the PTSD problems, the family, and all that's going on.
Now, some of them, we're not here to manipulate to get you to have your old girlfriend back.
She left you and you were mean to her.
I'm not here to pray and manipulate; that's witchcraft.
We'll pray for your miracle, healings, deliverances, and unsaved loved ones, but we're not here to manipulate people.
That's demonic.
I'm not here to slap you in the head, but I want to teach you.
We agree by faith that your circumstances are changing, that their heart will be softened to communicate in a godly way, and that their eyes will be open to see without any demonic influence.
We pray what lines up with the word of God.
We're going to pray for your circumstances and believe that the fire of God is resting on your homes, that you will have a visitation like a Damascus experience today.
Sorry I had to finish my video in my car; I moved because people were being rude.
People are curious and want to talk, and it is what it is.
Hopefully they got ministered to.
So we pray for every one of these pictures; I have a whole bunch of them and we're just interceding for them.
We're in a very serious time.
We need to be praying for Israel, Iran, and Syria.
I've seen a line, and the Lord told me it's rice-paper thin for what's about to take place—a great acceleration of war or a season of peace.
It's in the balance right now.
A major something is about to take place.
I've been in meetings and praying; the Lord will allow me to hear what's going on, and I'm not going to expose what I'm hearing.
We pray for America, wisdom for Israel, and how they handle this.
Father, we thank You for everyone represented here.
We bind the devil off of this nation.
We thank You, Lord, that there is a Holy Ghost outcry and fire on the inside of every single one of us.
We're stirred up right now in the name of Jesus.
People are excited; there's an anticipation.
They know that the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is drawing nigh.
We lift up a standard against the devil.
When the enemy comes in like a flood, the Spirit of the Lord raises a standard against him.
We believe the Lord is raising that standard right now against demonic principalities over this nation, that there will be a great move of all denominations, all beliefs, all tribes, all tongues.
The Baptists, Methodists, Catholics, Church of Christ—all of us.
We will join together as a beating army, proclaiming that the Lord Jesus Christ is coming.
Just like it was with 9/11, there was an urgency for a season; there will be an urgency again.
I have seen a great shaking to awaken coming, and it will be bigger than what 9/11 ever thought about being.
And in this shaking to awaken, we will have a major harvest of souls.
I told the Lord I need a fresh fire on my life to take it to the nations.
I want a fresh touch of the healing power of God.
We're believing as a family for a fresh Holy Ghost and fire.
We need a great big Holy Ghost and fire, not this little bitty fire.
We want to pray 'church unusual' that changes us from the inside out.
You link up and pray for your pastors and evangelists.
I'm not depending upon our pastors to feed us spiritually; you go out and get your own.
How hungry and thirsty are you for change in your life?
I refuse to stay spiritually the way I am today.
Tomorrow, I'm going to go from glory to glory.
When I get to 2026, I'm going to look back and say I am different than what I was in 2025.
The Holy Spirit is changing me from the inside out.
I don't want to be that same Brandon that I was tomorrow.
There is a fresh touch of the Holy Spirit.
If the angels go around the throne singing 'holy, holy, holy' because they're getting something new from Him every time, how much more for us?
We've not even scratched a little bit of who He is.
He is endless.
The Lord allowed me to see inside of Him; I saw and He was endless.
He allowed me to see inside, Brandon, and He's endless.
Our God is a big God.
He created the angelic host and the devil, but they fell in pride.
Jesus Christ whipped his heiny and took it all back, giving us power and authority over him.
He is a defeated foe.
The sound of a mighty rushing wind and the cloven tongues of fire—that experience still happens today.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
How big is your 'want to' for the things of the Holy Ghost?
It's time to get radical for Jesus today.
As for me and my house, we're serving the Lord.
People are attracted to the glory, even the ones in the park that are rude.
It's time for you to rise and shine, for the light has come.
We thank You, Lord, for the outpouring of the Holy Ghost—that it's not just some little bitty fire, but a raging inferno inside of me.
I always deflect the glory and say it's all about Him.
Just one second with the Holy Ghost will change your life forever.
From the young man that calls devils into the house to try to prove there's no devil—one minute with Him and your life will have forever changed.
We believe they'll have an experience with the supernatural and an awakening inside of him.
Shaking off the blind beggar's cloak, like blind Bartimaeus, son of Timaeus—he rose up.
You've got to take off the victim mentality and say, 'I'm not a victim anymore, I'm a victor.
' I'm no longer broke, busted, and disgusted.
I'm a joint-heir of Jesus Christ.
I'm fully persuaded that what God has promised, He is able also to perform.
We thank You, Lord, for the Holy Ghost and fire.
The Lord said to take authority over the wind.
There's a massive cyclone thing—manipulation of the weather—that they say hurricane-force winds are supposed to hit Texas, Oklahoma, and Kansas.
We take authority over that cyclone bomb and we say you will fall apart.
You will not cause major fire outbreaks or burn up our land in the name of Jesus.
We speak to the storm and say, 'Peace, be still.
' We will not have major fires or power outages; we have authority over the weather.
We thank You, Lord, that Elon Musk is saved.
We call Elon Musk born again and on fire for Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that he keeps uncovering all the darkness that has been in the cabinet and he's turning on the light, exposing what our government has been doing.
We thank You, Lord, that it will not affect his finances.
Trump's radically born again; he will serve this nation with a Solomon-type anointing.
Chuck Schumer's going to retire, and so is Nancy Pelosi, and so is Pocahontas.
They're going to be removed, and You're going to raise up new men and women.
There's an exposing of darkness even in Canada, South Korea, and Australia.
The devil's releasing our finances.
Well, if this video blessed you—I know it was distracting—subscribe and click the notification bell.
We appreciate every single one of you.
We're believing for your miracle.
We're praying that God will anoint us to reach the world for the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I don't want to just be an echo; I want to be a voice and touch the nations for Jesus.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.